Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Good evening. Sure is hot, huh ?
I'm back.
Thanks.
Another plastic bag ?
It's just a carton of milk.
But they just give it to you.
You don't have to take it.
Oh, I'd like some, please.
And you, Father
? Some wheat tea ?
Sure. I'll have
some. Be right there.
Thanks. Can I use it ?
I'm printing right now.
Maybe we should buy a portable
word processor after all.
This smoke stinks. You should have
gone to Kashirazaki, too, Shizuku.
It's okay, I can't
keep up with Sis.
Oh yeah
I've gotta go to work
tomorrow. You need a lunch ?
Don't worry, I'll eat out.
Our library's finally
changing to a bar code system.
So things are really busy.
Then you are changing it. I
liked the card catalogs better.
Yeah, I do too. Hey
Something's wrong with this
composition. What? Where ?
Look, here
This name...
Shizuku, books are fine,
but you should go to sleep.
Okay. Good night.
I thought I remembered
seeing this name...
And here, too.
This guy's amazing. He borrowed
all of them before I did.
Amasawa Seiji... What
kind of person is he ?
I wonder if he's cool or not ?
Shizuku, will you get
up ? I'm going out now !
Oh, geez.
You just slept that
way? Get the rice ready !
Have a good day.
What ?! It's that late
?! I have to meet Yuuko !
My wallet !
What ? Did you forget
it again ? Yeah !
That's strange.
Is it next to the phone ?
Here it is ! You're the
one who put it there.
Oh, I'm gonna be late !
Remember to lock up !
What a ditz.
Boy, are they flying low !
Something great's
gonna happen today !
Wow, it's hot.
Yoo-hoo ! How's it goin' ?
C'mon, let's do it !
Hey, Shizuku !
Hey ! Go for it !
Miss Kousaka, are you in ?
Oh, it's you,
Tsukishima. What's up ?
Can I please ask a favor ?
What kind ? I hope
it's nothing strange.
Can you open the library,
please ? The library ?
Can't you wait until
they open normally ?
But I've already
read all my books.
And the county
library's closed today.
I've decided to read twenty
books during vacation.
Twenty books? But you're supposed
to be studying for your exams.
C'mon, hurry it up.
Let's see...Got it !
Hurry and bring it over !
C'mon, c'mon. Get out your
reading card and your library card.
Here you go.
Hey, look at this. No
one's ever checked this out.
This is a rare book. They don't
have it at the county library.
Amasawa...
Teach !
Any idea what this
''Amasawa'' person is like ?
Geez, now I messed up.
Probably the donor of the book. I
wouldn't know about something that old.
Try asking our veteran teachers.
Shizuku !
Oh, geez ! So this
is where you are !
After you said you'd be
at the entrance at eleven !
You made me wait in the
sun for fifteen minutes !
Now I'll get even more freckles !
l...I'm sorry.
Hey, hey ! Not so loud.
You worry too much about
your freckles, Harada.
Teach this is a
serious problem for me !
Oh, right ! Right ! Out, out !
That way, that way !
I did what I could but
it's not that great.
Think I should have
kept it in English ?
''Over the green hills,
white clouds drift so slow.''
''Near to the road that
goes up to the city.'
''lnside the old room
by the small window.''
''The old dog waits for
him to come back soon.'
''Country Road,
take me home, too.''
''On this distant road,
whose end I can't see.''
''West Virginia,
Mountain Mamma.''
''To my home town,
I long to see.''
This isn't bad.
It sucks! Too
conventional. You think so ?
I did this one, too.
''Concrete road,
wherever you go.''
''Forests give rise
to valleys far away.''
'''Western Tokyo,
on Mount Tama.''
''My home lies on
Concrete Road.''
What is this ?
So, what'd you
want to talk about ?
You don't need any
poems translated, right ?
Shizuku, is there
anyone you like ?
I just wish it was
a mutual attraction.
It's exam time, and we could work
together and cheer each other up.
So there's someone
you like, Yuuko ?
You already got a love
letter ?! Not so loud !
When ? How is he ?~~Is he cute ?
He's from a different class...
And he's kind of cute...
Why don't you go out with him ?
You can stop if you don't like him.
Yeah, but...
So there's someone
else you like ?!
There's no use hiding it !
C'mon ! Might as well 'fess up !
Umm... it's Su... Su...
TSUKlSHlMA !
Can you get my bag for me ?!
Sugimura !
Yeah ! Just throw it here !
Oh, shut up ! You don't
even play that well !
That's mean ! I won
three games as a regular !
Yuuko ?
So Sugimura's the one
that you like, huh ?
What should I do ? He might
have found out. I was so...
Oh, don't worry. He's
too stupid to know.
What'll you do about the
love letters you got ?
I have to think a little longer.
I see.
You're lucky.
They don't keep telling you to
''Study, study !'' at your house.
It's kind of rough when
they don't do that, too.
I don't know.
Oops. Oh, no !
What's the matter ?
I forgot my book !
I have to go back !
Nope ! You'll be late
for your cram session !
I'll call you later.
Sure ! T...that book is...
Oh. Is this yours ?
Here you go...
Tsukishima Shizuku.
How'd you know my name ?
Gee, I wonder how ?
My library card.
You know you should drop
that ''Concrete Road'' thing.
YOU READ IT ! That jerk !
That jerk !That
jerk ! That jerk !
THAT JERK !
''You should drop that
Concrete Road thing...''
I'm back !
Sis, you were due
back today ? I'm beat.
I was lucky to find someone
driving this way and got a ride.
Where's Mom ?
She's still at her summer
class. And Dad's at work.
Shizuku, you should
clean up a little.
Did you make supper yet ?
I was just going to...
What is this ?!
Shizuku, this place is a mess !
I'll go do it now.
Didn't we decide to help
Mom because she's so busy ?
Put away the laundry when
you're done with the rice.
And I'll make dinner
after I shower.
Grandma says
To come on over when
you're in high school.
Doing better with your studies ?
If you slack off just cause
Mom and Dad don't push you...
...you'll really pay for it.
I know !
Shizuku, will you get up already
? And do your own vacuuming.
I'm cleaning bed sheets, so bring
yours ! And put out the futons !
Where's Mom ? She's already gone.
Hurry and clean up then
take this lunch to Dad.
What ?!
What's your problem ?
You're going to
the library, right ?
Or should I go instead ?
If so, then you clean
the bathtub, the toilet
And the front entrance. And
start doing some real chores.
Then put away the futons,
go shopping, and make dinner.
I'll be going !
Shizuku ! Take this
to the mailbox !
What ?
The MAIL
BOX...ah
Don't you dare look ! Don't
forget to take off the clip !
Your boyfriend ? Dummy.
Hey, Kitty Cat. On your own ?
Where are you going ?
Something neat outside ?
Hey ! Answer me, will you ?
I'm getting off
here. How 'bout you ?
See ya, Kitty Cat.
He's heading
towards the library !
Darn, this would've
made such a great story.
There he is !
What a steep hill ! Just
how far does this go ?
Kitty Cat.
I wonder if he
lives around here ?
Where're you going, Kitty Cat
? Do you live around here ?
I had no idea there was
a place like this up here.
What a mean cat His walks
include teasing the dog.
I wonder if he's
teasing me, too ?
I had no idea there were
stores like this here.
What a wonderful figurine.
Are you the cat I saw earlier ?
Oh, welcome ! l, umm...
No, stay right there, stay right
there. Feel free to look around.
The Baron's bored, too.
Is ''Baron'' the name
of this figurine ?
Yup. He's Baron
Vunbert von Jiekingen.
Great name, don't you think ?
Oh, thanks. Thanks. I'm fine now.
Magnificent clock, isn't it ?
It was found in a castle.
It was very badly rusted.
Take a look. How
pretty. What is it ?
You'll find out when it's done.
It's really well made.
Are those dwarves ?
You sure know a lot.
I see, so you know about
dwarves, young lady ?
Now take a look at the numbers.
Let's see if this works.
An elf ! Can you see
alright ? Step up here.
A princess ? That's right.
These two fell in love ?
Yup, but they live
in different worlds.
He's the king of the dwarves.
When the clock strikes twelve
She must return past
the flock to her world.
Even so
He will always
appear at that time
And wait for the princess.
The artisan who made
this clock probably
Had an unrequited love.
So that's why the two
seemed sort of sad.
Is this clock running fast ?
Uh, maybe by five minutes.
Oh, no ! I gotta
get to the library !
Goodbye ! Can I come
visit again, sir ?
If you're going to the
library you should go left !
I'm right above the library !
I've found a cool place ! This
store's like right out of a story !
This is great !
Tsukishima ! Tsukishima Shizuku !
This is yours, right ?
Kinda forgetful, aren't you ?
Thank you. But how...?
Gee, I wonder how ?
The cat ! Is...is
that cat yours ?
You sure eat a pretty big lunch !
WRONG !
YOU'RE WRONG !
HEY ! Oh, you're here already ?
What's with the scary face ?
It's kinda hard to explain. Huh ?
Something wonderful happened
Like finding a cave of treasures.
Then one insensitive
remark made it all collapse.
Sounds complicated.
Here to borrow
books again today ?
Yeah, I still have to
read seven more books.
You just never change.
What about lunch ?
I'll just eat out. Oh,
really. Well, thanks.
June 16th...Amazing...
That Amasawa guy's
read this book, too.
What kind of person is he ?
No, it couldn't be you !
Shizuku, hurry up !
Oh, we'll be late !
Umbrella. The umbrella.
A new semester, and
it just keeps raining.
Stop complaining. You're studying
because you want to, right?
Make sure you study well !
Just leave it to me.
Shizuku ! Hey !
Hurry up or you'll be late.
I hate all these tests.
We've got so many every day.
Did you answer ''them ?'' No.
He didn't write any more ?
No. Maybe I should
just turn him down.
Maybe Yeah, maybe
that's for the best.
Sugimura !
Tsukishima Shizuku
I know that !
Time's up ! Hand in your tests.
Regular schedule this afternoon.
Shizuku, let's go
see Miss Kousaka.
Can we go to the teacher's
lounge first? Okay.
Hey, Tsukishima. Check
this out. What is it ?
I was guessing, but I aced
it ! Oh, such a lucky guy.
I peeked during break and
saw I got a perfect score.
Guess you're not just a
stupid baseball player.
You know Yuuko's
good at guessing, too.
Maybe you should study
together ? With Harada ?
Sugimura, Sugimura !
What's up ? Did you see this ?
Let's go, Shizuku.
Stop trying to get us
together ! Was it obvious ?
I was never good at
guessing ! Sorry !
Excuse us.
The donor of a book ? And
you think I would know ?
Sorry to bother you during lunch.
It's this imprint here.
Let's see... Oh, that's Amasawa !
I've read this, too.
Great book, isn't it ?
Yes, definitely.
So exactly what kind of
person is this Amasawa ?
It was a few years ago.
He was the head of the PTA.
The PTA's... Um, do you
know his first name ?
First name ? Let's
see...Mr. Kimura...
...remember what Amasawa's name was
? You know, at Amasawa Hospital ?
Amasawa ? I'm pretty sure it
was Kouichi. Amasawa Kouichi.
Amasawa Kouichi...
Tsukishima... one
of Amasawa's children
ln the same grade as you
Didn't you know that ?
Wha...?! l, uh...
Thank you very much !
Sorry to bother you.
Sorry about that.
Shizuku, where're you going !?
What a surprise ! I'm the
one who should be surprised !
I think you owe me an
explanation for this.
Oh, sorry.
Which way are you
going, Shizuku ?
What nerve ! Acting like
he didn't even see me !
Who was that, Shizuku ?
Where're you going ?
That guy's a jerk ! But I
won't run from him, either !
Oh, how cute !
Tsukishima noticed boys, huh ?
Hey, Teach, I think spring has
finally arrived for Shizuku, too !
I told you that isn't it !
You actually met the Prince
of Books, then, right ?
Is he handsome ?
Look, I just wondered
what kind of person he is.
Hey, Yuuko. You know
the guy's name, right ?
So tell us.
Yuuko !
Well, it was just
a brief mention.
I think it started with ''Ma''
something, or Masagi whatever ?
''Ama...''
That's just like
Tsukishima to leave
Without hearing the whole story.
She wants to know but she
doesn't want to know, right ?
The hopeful heart suffers
so ... Isn't it great ?
Well, it's romantic, anyway.
Fine, just go on and
tease me like that.
And after I wrote the verses
for Country Road and all.
You finished ? Let's
see !~~Let's see !
Great Shizuku !
Mistress of verse !
We promise to behave,
so please show us !
Very well. Actually,
I'm not too confident.
I'm still not too sure
what ''country home'' means.
So I just had to go
with what I felt on that.
You outdid yourself.
''Country road.'' ''It'll take
me, back to my home town.''
''I can feel it now,
if I just keep to...''
''...this far-off
way, country road.''
It's great, Shizuku. I like it.
It's not too hard to sing
? I think we can manage.
It'd be wasted if we gave
it to the underclassmen.
We should sing this at
the thank you party, too.
What ? The thank you party
? lmpulsive, aren't you ?
This part's good. ''Living
here all on my own.''
''Owning no possessions, I
made my way out of town.''
''I must put my loneliness away...and
protect myself, I'll learn to be strong''
All of you, school
bell's ringing.
Yes, ma'am ! The sky's
clear ! It's clear !
Shizuku !
You wanna go to the choir?
We'll show them this song.
It's okay, I have
to go to the library.
Huh ? We've got tests
tomorrow, you know.
I'll study at the library.
You really like it there !
See ya !
Bye-bye !
Harada...Listen, I'm sorry,
but can I talk to you ?
Have the flowers been watered ?
The Baron's gone !
I wonder if he was sold ?
Atelier Chikyuu-ya Nishi Shirou I
wonder if he's named Nishi, too ?
Shizuku ! Shizuku !
You've got a call from Yuuko !
You'll ruin your ears, Shizuku.
Yuuko ? I can't hear you.
Right. I'll be
right there. Right.
Okay, bye.
Where're you going ? Not too far.
What's wrong, Yuuko ?
Shizuku...What's wrong ?
What's with that look ?
What should I do, Shizuku ?
Sugimura's friend asked him
To get an answer from me.
Oh, boy...
Why do you have to
be the go-between ?!
Hey ! He's just kinda stupid.
And besides, Sugimura probably
doesn't know how you really feel.
I'll apologize to Sugimura.
But I can't go to school looking like
this. I'm skipping school tomorrow.
The test, too ?
Yes.
I think I did pretty well.
Shizuku, library again today ?
I'm going to Yuuko's
place to see her.
Oh, say hi to her for us.
Okay. Bye-bye
! Bye-bye !
Tsukishima !
Hold up !
Look, it's about Harada...
...and then she
suddenly started to cry.
So did I say something
wrong or what ?
Sugimura...
...didn't Yuuko ask
you why you did that ?
Yeah. Like I said, my friend
on the team asked me...
Wrong! She meant she really
didn't want you to do that.
You understand what that means ?
I don't ! Spell it out for me !
Geez, you really are stupid ! It
means Yuuko's in love with you !
Huh ?!But, then...
Man, that's a problem.
A problem...! Poor Yuuko's
the one with the problem !
She stayed home
because of the shock !
B...but, l... I'm
in love with you !
O...oh, no. You shouldn't
joke around like that !
I'm not joking !I've been in
love with you for a long time !
You can't ! I mean...
l...well...but...
Do you hate me ? Are you
going out with someone ?
I'm not going out with
anybody... B...but...
I'm sorry ! Wait !
Tsukishima, you have to tell me !
We've always been friends
so I do like you, Sugimura.
But when you mean in that way...
I'm sorry. I can't
say this right...
You mean we're just
friends? Even after this ?
Dummy ! The only stupid
one was yourself !
Just a minute, Tsukishima.
You got a package.
Oh, thanks so much again.
You're so nice,
always giving us stuff.
Oh, don't worry, we
can't eat it all anyway.
Oh, you're home ?
Shizuku ?
Yoo-hoo.
Did you get locked out, too ?
Is this house your home ?
Are you hungry ?
Well, you're not cute,
either. Just like me.
Why did I have to change ?
I used to be such a nice
and honest kid before.
Even when I'm reading a book
I don't feel the
excitement I used to.
Now it's like someone whispering in my
heart saying that I can't go on like this.
I'm not cute at all.
Hey, it's Tsukishima.
I'm surprised Moon lets you pet him.
Hey, Moon, aren't you here to visit ?
Is the cat's name Moon ?
Doesn't he look like a full moon
? That's why I call him Moon.
You mean Moon isn't your cat ?
You can't tell cats what to do.
I think he's called
''Egg'' at another house.
He probably has other names.
So he's a stray, then.
That's right ! Moon
commutes by taking the train.
The train ?
That's right. He was
riding the train by himself.
I followed him and came here.
And then here's
this wonderful store.
It's like a fairy
tale inside the store.
I said some bad things about him.
I told him he wasn't cute,
and that he was just like me.
Moon is like you ? You
don't look alike at all !
T...that cat must be
at least half ghost.
And you...
Is the store owner okay ?
I was wondering, since the
store's been closed for a while.
Oh, he's just fine.
This store's kind of strange
it's closed more often than not.
Oh, that's good to know.
I peeked through the window
But I couldn't see the
Baron. I thought he was sold.
Oh, the cat figurine ?
Wanna see ? Come on.
Close the door
It's like we're floating up here.
Are you scared of heights ?
No, I like high places.
It's beautiful...
The view is nicest around
this time. Over here.
That's good. Sit over there.
The clock's gone !
Oh, the one that was there ?
It was delivered
today. Come over here.
Did it get sold ?
It was only here for repairs.
I see. I wanted to see it again.
It took three years.
It was finished the day
you left your lunch here.
Oh, that lunch...
Yeah, I know it wasn't yours.
Now come here and take
a look at the cat's eye.
Hurry up. The light's
starting to fade.
''Engels Zimmer.''
That's German for
''Angel's Room.''
The artisan accidentally scratched
it when he was sewing up the clothes.
It's so pretty.
The Baron won't be sold.
It's Grandpa's treasure.
His treasure ?
It seems to hold some sort of memories
for him. Only he won't say what.
Look at it for as long as
you want. I'll be downstairs.
The light switch is over
there. Turn it on if you want.
Strange. It's as if
I've always known you.
I kept wanting to see
you every once in a while.
You seem so very sad today.
Oh, are you done ? Yeah, thanks.
Uh, are you making
a violin ? Y...yeah.
Can I see ? Sure.
It'll look like this.
Did you make this all by hand ?
Of course.
I can't believe it !
They perfected the violin's
design three hundred years ago.
The quality of its sound is
determined by the skill of the maker.
Did you make all those, too ?
Course not ! We hold
violin making classes here.
But you made one of
them, didn't you ? Yeah.
Which one is it ? That one.
Wow ! This one ?
It's amazing that
you could make this.
It's like magic.
Geez, you sure know
how to embarrass a guy.
What's wrong with that
? It's only what I think.
Anybody can make
something like that.
I'm still not very good.
So, can you play
the violin ? Sort of.
Will you play for me ?
Just a little bit ?
Oh, c'mon ! Please !
Please ! Pretty please !
Fine, but you have to sing !
What ? F...forget
it ! I can't sing !
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org